CARTER: Previously on Eureka.
JO: Stuff's been going
missing all over town.
CARTER: This is
who's building it?
The signal that
we've been tracking
is getting stronger.
CARTER: Meaning closer?
Whoa!
It's not a weapon.
The end point
for a high-velocity
space jump.
It's one of ours.
(CHATTERING ON RADIO)
I didn't see
this coming.
Henry did. He knew
that half the town and I
were brainwashed
into building
this landing site.
No, I didn't. I mean,
itnevereven
occurred to me
that the ship
still existed,
much less that
it could find
its way back.
From where?
And who built this thing?
I did. 20 years ago.
It's the Columbus,
isn't it?
HENRY: Yeah.
The Columbus?
That's impossible.
The Columbus was
an unmanned prototype.
G.D.'s early research
into interstellar
exploration.
It was lost
three years after launch.
The project was scrapped,
the facility repurposed.
We went a completely
different direction.
Yeah, and apparently
so did this ship.
(CHUCKLING)
It's amazing.
And a little disturbing.
I mean, speaking
for those of us who
turned into zombies.
Yeah, that's a good point.
Do l have to worry about it
telling people
to do something else?
Oh, I don't think so.
I mean, it was programmed
to send out
a pre-arrival signal
to alert ground control.
Yeah, that's
what we started to
pick up a week ago.
Exactly, but it appears
that in the absence of
landing facilities,
the ship improvised
and somehow
got us to build
the next-best thing.
Why didn't we recognize
the transmission?
Why use
a completely foreign
handshake frequency?
Well,
the antenna array
is damaged,
and who knows what
this ship has gone through
and what other onboard systems
have been affected
along the way?
I mean, it's possible
that it sent out the
only signal that it could.
So I do have to worry
about the zombie problem.
No, no.
I don't think so.
I mean, now
that it's returned,
its mission is over.
And its
onboard computers
have powered down. Yes?
Yeah.
So it's good. Right?
Sure.
I mean, still
what that thing did,
it definitely left
a bad taste in my brain.
Henry?
ALLISON: Let's check
these figures.
HENRY: Yeah,
sure, absolutely.
A little disappointed
it's an American flag
instead of a Martian one?
Well, it's not exactly
the first contact
l was hoping for,
but, you know, considering
where this ship has been
over the past 20 years,
its computer
could hold answers
to questions
we can't even imagine.
Secrets of the universe.
Yeah, it's
pretty cool.
Yeah, it is.
But it's a long-term
project, though.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean,
it's going to take years
to analyze all that data.
Kind of blows a hole
in my weekend plans, but...
I hear you.
No, no, I mean
there's a meteor
shower on Friday,
but it's not like you
haven't seen one of
those, so...
Yeah, well...
I mean, I haven't, but yes,
| get the gist of it.
Really?
Yeah. But it
sounds cool.
It sounds great.
It is cool.
So, you want to go?
Okay.
Okay!
I'm gonna...
Okay, yeah.
Can you imagine
how excited Nathan would
have been to see this?
Oh, he fought
the decommissioning
tooth and nail,
said that we should
never give up hope.
VVeH,lguess
he was right.
You met Kim
on this project,
didn't you?
Yeah, we designed
the computer systems.
You know, she had a way
of finding a path
or solution that was just
unexpected.
Well, the way
I understand it,
it was the way
the two of you
worked together
that was so productive
and unique.
We were a good team.
(WARBLING)
Hey! Do you hear that?
What?
The...
lt's making noise!
HENRY:
Jack, I told you,
it's powered down.
A protocol
has been initiated
to open the door.
Initiated? From where?
From there!
(RUMBLING)
Okay, I need security here
right now!
Hold your fire!
lt's human?
lt's Kim.
Well, she is dehydrated.
Her electrolyte count is down.
Probably the result
of plasma field exposure
after landing.
OthenNise,
she's fine.
Henry, you said this was
an unmanned mission, right?
Absolutely, yeah.
But the DNA tests
match Kim Yamazaki.
Guys, Kim died
two years ago.
I mean,
I saw her body.
And her cellular structure
isn't human. That's not Kim.
Okay, then,
what's going on?
Well, look, this ship
has been traveling
through deep space
for 20 years. That's
20 years of cosmic rays
and primordial
particle radiation.
Who knows what
could have happened?
The biological mainframe.
I mean, it should be
able to tell us
what occurred
on the trip.
What's a...
An organic computer
based on neural net
architecture,
like the human brain.
Instead of circuits
and wires,
it processes information
using living cells.
It can modify its structure
to solve any problem
that's presented.
Great! How long
to boot it up?
Yeah, might want
to go to plan B.
l tapped into the ship
using my own organic rig.
The onboard computer's
completely fried.
There's nothing left.
KIM: I'm what's left.
I'm what's left.
Well, if a computer
can have a baby,
then I definitely missed
a day in Mrs. Sebert's
health class.
Like I said, the ship's
computer was made up
of living cells.
Well, it doesn't
exactly explain
where Kim 2.0
came from, or why.
The ship's original system
was designed
for a shorter
mission, right?
That means
limited storage.
Maybe when the computer
started to run out of room
it realized it needed
a more complex
recording medium
and the human body
was the best suited.
Hold on, let's take
this one huge step
at a time.
Tess, is your bio-lab
up and running?
Oh, yeah,
but I was expecting
a little more E.T.
and a little less
Henry's ex-girlfriend.
All right, start scanning her
all the way down to the
molecular level.
Got it.
Zane,
I want you to do exactly
the same thing to the ship.
Now, you said
the onboard computer
was non-functioning?
I said it was fried.
Well, get to work
on it anyway.
There might be
something left,
and ifthere is, it'll
give us more to go on
than we have now.
I'm on it.
I'll talk to Henry.
No. Henry has enough
on his plate.
Okay.
That was
something, huh?
Mmm-hmm.
(SIGHING)
You feeling okay?
Yeah, she's just been
kicking me all morning.
Whoo!
She? It's a girl?
I found out yesterday.
Yes, I'm having a girl.
Congratulations.
I love little girls.
I mean, no, I...
(LAUGHING)
Oh! Oh. Here.
That's her?
Well, maybe
she likes excitement.
Oh!
(LAUGHING)
Just like her mother.
Excitement. Well,
that's one word for it.
Well, let me know
if there's something
I can do.
Well, actually, there is
something that you can
do for me.
It's very important.
Well, I'm your guy.
JO: Hey! You'll get
all your stuff back!
Everybody, please
just calm down.
WOMAN: Excuse me!
I need a toaster oven,
bagel-capable.
Right. White
or chrome?
It's bisque.
(CLEARS THROAT)
Okay, I need to
just check you off.
The system is
totally overloaded.
First somebody
steals my toaster oven
to build whatever it was
out there in the woods,
and now I have to wait here
for two hours to get it back.
Huh? Here you go.
This is better
than the one I had!
No, wait, that's
not how this works.
Dr. Lieber.
L-I-E-B-E-R.
And what can we get
for you, Dr. Lieber?
I'm here to pick up
my 200-petavolt
boost converter.
And what would that
look like, exactly?
It's about that big.
It's got lots of
circuit boards.
Kind of looks
like any other
boost converter.
(MUTTERING)
I can go look...
"Lieber." Uh...
(SIGHS IN FRUSTRATION)
I hate this thing.
Probably got a virus.
PCs are very susceptible.
That's why I switched
to organic computer years ago.
Whoopee for you.
Is this what
you're looking for?
Perfect.
It's going to be
a long day.
It already is.
Next!
What can we
get for you?
There was a malfunction
with the primary machine.
the original
organic computer?
Yes.
The primary machine
experienced voltage
irregularities.
In order to
continue its mission,
it created a replacement.
You.
I became
the primary machine.
What do you mean,
created?
I was grown.
Grown from what?
Your ship was constructed
in a clean room.
The primary machine
was the only
organic material onboard.
Actually, that's probably
not true. No environment
is ever perfectly clean.
Now, we took level-one
precautions, but...
A few strands of hair,
an eyelash...
Askin cell.
It was fortunate
that the DNA strands
were intact
and I had
such a detailed
profile on Dr. Yamazaki
due to her involvement
on the project.
Henry, is this
possible?
The computer
was programmed
for self-preservation,
to keep itself operating
under any circumstances.
So it found
a flake of skin
and created
a whole other Kim?
Well, it evolved,
adapted.
It made an
incredible leap.
But why didn't it
model anyone else who
worked on the ship?
Why didn't it
choose you, Henry?
Kim Yamazaki's sample
was the most viable.
We designed it
to improvise,
Kim and I.
I look fon/vard to
working with you, Henry.
It was always
a great pleasure
for Kim.
I need something
to write with.
Well. we're in
the home stretch.
I don't want to see
another toaster again.
(SCOFFS) I don't want
to eat toast again.
But we are
going to have to do
another inventory.
(GROANS) Maybe
in a few minutes?
Okay.
So much stuff.
So many wack jobs...
(LAUGHS MOCKINGLY)
Very funny.
What do you want, Fargo?
We already gave you back
your thingy.
This is not my thingy.
This has a ZX-21 chip.
Idont
want to know
about this stuff.
My boost converter
has a ZY-21 chip.
This is clearly inferior.
You pulled the old
bait and switch.
Fargo, look around.
There's not much left.
No, we...
Yeah, we did give out
something that looked
like this earlier today.
To who?
Um... Oh, God. Uh...
Lieber.
Yeah. Yeah,
that's the guy.
He's been eyeing my
converter for months.
Easy, Fargo. It was
absolutely crazy earlier.
Could have been
an honest mistake.
There's nothing honest
about Tom Lieber.
I'm going to get back
what's mine.
Have a nice day!
(GRUNTING)
Add it to
the to-do list?
Yeah.
Brought your
blender back.
Thank you.
What's that?
It's my organic computer.
This gel uses electrical
impulses from my hands
to interface with
what's left of the ship's
onboard data system.
I'm using it
to try and pull
any remaining data
out of the
biological mainframe.
It has a light-pulse-based
transfer system.
It's pretty cool.
Didn't you say
earlier...
Yeah, I know I said
what was on the ship
was DOA.
I can confirm
that what's in there
made Kim,
but that's about it.
20 years of discoveries,
more knowledge than
what mankind has learned
since the beginning of time
is locked inside Kim
and nowhere else?
We've never encountered
anything like her before.
It's not like
we can just download her.
I'm still saying,
we need Henry on this.
Well, now that I've
finished my deliveries,
think I might be able
to help with that.
Carter?
Yeah?
This isn't my blender.
What?
If Lieber says that
that boost converter
isn't his,
I say
we let Fargo and him
settle it in a cage match.
I put five bucks
on Fargo.
Nice.
He's scrappy.
(KNOCKING)
Dr. Lieber!
Dr. Lieber?
We got your
boost converter.
This looks more
like a haunted house
than a physics lab.
Dr. Lieber?
(GRUNTS IN PAIN)
Do you smell that?
It's like
something's burning.
Yeah.
Or someone.
Okay.
(SIGHING)
So looks like
Dr. Lieber there
was electrocuted.
Yeah, probably.
I still have to do
an autopsy, but yeah.
You know which piece of
equipment malfunctioned?
Dr. Lieber was an expert
in electromagnetic physics.
Pick one.
I'm sorry.
I rebooted
the power regulators
so you guys
don't have to
worry about it.
Fargo might.
The boost converter he
accused Lieber of stealing?
It's gone. Yanked
out of the panel.
Tell me he didn't
cause this.
Well, I'll run
a few diagnostics,
but it's possible.
(SIGHS) Great.
So how you doing
with the whole Kim thing?
It's not Kim.
I mean, I know
it seems that it is,
but it's not Kim.
I'm a scientist.
So whatever happened
on that ship
is a scientific issue.
Good. Then, um,
they're gonna need
your help dealing with it
back at G.D.
Okay, I took it.
Don't look at me
like that!
It's not stealing
when you take
something that's yours.
Fargo...
What, was I supposed
to ask him?
Lieber? That weasel?
Fargo,
that weasel is...
He's dead.
Come again?
We think
that Dr. Lieber
was electrocuted.
And we're thinking maybe
it had something to do with
the missing boost converter.
Uh-oh.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
I'm going to jail,
aren't I?
The big house.
The slammer.
The hoosegow.
I'm going to spend the rest
of my life president of the
Attica Physics Club!
Man up, Fargo.
(GASPING)
Henry's doing
an autopsy right now.
We're going to have
a lot more information
after that,
but if you
could walk us through
everything that you did...
And, um,
deep breaths, okay?
Still no luck
coming up with any kind
of data transfer protocol.
Well,
we've connected people
to computers before.
The prosthetics department
has been doing it for years.
Well, yeah,
but the information in Kim
isn't centralized to a brain.
Every cell
in the entire organism
is a data recorder.
A hundred trillion cells,
each with something
to tell us.
I mean, how much data
do you think we're
talking about here?
ZANE: I'm
guessing a lot.
She's been at it
for hours, ever since
we gave her that marker.
ALLISON: Well,
that's one way
to access her data.
Writing and speech
are the slowest methods
of information transfer
on the planet.
Imagine
if I asked you
about Shakespeare
and you just started
writing out his plays.
It would take you forever.
2,135 years
and 69 days.
The time it will take me
to download my data
using this method.
I've run
alternate simulations,
but so far
this scenario has
the shortest timeline.
Well, we will need
a better solution
than that.
Oh, believe me,
it'll be worth it.
Take a look
at this.
These are, what,
gravity field
distortion readings?
Exactly. Taken from
beyond the heliopause,
indicating the existence
of four Earth-like planets
within 10 light years of us.
Oh, my God. That's
right in the neighborhood.
All right, pull in any
department that you need.
I want information transfer
options on my desk as soon
as possible.
It might be beneficial to
assemble my original team.
Dr. Deacon
and my co-designer,
Kim Yamazaki.
Dr. Yamazaki died
two years ago.
I'm sorry.
That's unfortunate.
I was looking fonNard
to meeting her.
I've examined
Dr. Lieber's remains
and the electron
generator in his lab.
Oh, God!
And all the
voltage transfer limits
are within material tolerance.
Yes! Thank you!
Thank you!
Yeah.
And Dr. Lieber's machine
did not malfunction
or electrocute him.
So, I guess
you're free to go.
Freedom! Lunch
is on me, boys.
So, what
did happen?
Lieber electrocuted
his machine.
(STAMMERING)
A voltage pathway analysis
indicates that his body
generated a bolt of current
that overloaded everything
in his lab.
It was like
some sort of internal
electrical storm.
Is that even possible?
I have no idea. It's one
of the strangest things
I've ever seen.
Yeah.
An SDS scan will
not be effective
in decoding
my amino acid constructs.
I've tweaked
the polarities.
I'm thinking
we've got a shot.
In addition, there's
the risk the procedure
could harm
my neural pathways.
Come on. Trust me.
I'm one of the smart ones.
You could damage me
and my data.
We'll take it
nice and slow.
You let me know if
there's a problem, okay?
ALLISON: Lieber produced
an electrical charge
strong enough
to short out his entire
office and himself.
Yeah, was he connected
to that ship that landed,
or to Kim or Henry?
No, he wasn't
at the landing site
and he wasn't even
at G.D. today.
ZANE: Initiating
the SDS scan.
(WARBLING)
(RAPID BEEPING)
That was
a neural spike.
It wasn't me.
Oh!
What are you doing?
You're creating
a feedback loop!
Stop!
(SCREAMING)
Shut the power
down! Now!
(GASPING)
Last thing I remember,
I was trying to get
the data out of her, and...
And boom,
I hit the ground
seeing fireworks.
Was it some kind
of seizure?
Not in the usual sense.
His convulsions
were extremely violent
and his
electroencephalogram
is still off the charts.
Is this the same thing
that Lieber had?
I'll have to do
more tests.
Wait a minute,
didn't Lieber die?
Lieber was alone,
you weren't.
We got to you
in a matter of seconds
and we were able to dissipate
your internal voltage spike.
So can I get
back to work?
We're gonna need you
to stay here
a little longer.
Why? I thought you guys
caught it in time.
We're suppressing his
neuro-electrical activity,
but there's
another electrical wave
already building.
Meaning...
Is this going
to keep happening?
We're going to find out
what caused this.
I know what
caused this. Kim.
Oh...
Where are you going?
To shut it down.
The information is
too valuable for that.
It attacked Zane.
Jo, we're doing
an investigation,
and there are rules.
Now, we have a suspect there
who we're going to talk to.
Your suspect
is a computer
from outer space.
Yes.
Carter.
I've reviewed
the incident,
and although I understand
why you draw
a different conclusion,
my assessment is that
your colleague suffers
from a congenital
brain abnormality.
He was fine until
he got in there
with you.
CARTER: Easy.
Let's just
run through this
one more time, okay?
So the spaceship lands
and you come out.
A few hours later,
Lieber is electrocuted
in his own lab
and then
the exact same thing
happens to Zane,
right here
in front of you.
And if! may say,
you weren't too excited
about the test
that he was doing.
Perhaps there
was a malfunction
with his equipment.
A short in
the monitoring module.
That's a good idea,
and we checked that,
and the machines
were fine.
How would I be connected
with Dr. Lieber?
We haven't
figured that out yet.
Perhaps proximity
is not a factor
in this equation.
Are you saying
that you could zap
anyone, anywhere?
That might explain
what happened.
And I have no memory
of such an act.
I'm not programmed
for aggression.
No, but
you are programmed
for self-preservation.
Yes, you're right.
Thanks.
You should shut me down.
Eradicate my
voluntary functions.
And do your best
to preserve my data.
Perhaps immersion in a slurry
of liquid nitrogen and argon.
That's what I'm
talking about.
Kim,
is this
your way of, um,
admitting
that you attacked Zane?
No. But a man is dead
and another man is
in danger,
and you just presented
a logical explanation.
Whether due to
a programming error
or degradation caused
by my journey home,
I might be
a serious threat.
Terminate me.
She really
said that?
Yeah.
It was spooky.
I mean, you've got
to help me out here.
Is there a person
in there?
I mean, is that Kim?
Okay. Yes, I know,
it's an organic computer
programmed to act
like a human.
I get it.
But
what is a person?
I mean, could there be
a piece of Kim
in there?
Scientifically,
impossible.
But don't you think I've been
asking myself that question
since I saw her?
I don't think
she did it.
Well, apparently, she does.
Bottom line,
we gotta figure out
what's going on
before someone else
gets hurt.
So, obviously,
I'm gonna need you
to compare what you're
learning about Zane
to what you know
about Lieber.
And I'm going
to need you
to examine Kim.
You know, we don't
have to save Kim
(SNIFFS SHARPLY)
for me.
I know.
Okay, then. Fine.
Henry. I'm glad
to see you.
(CURTLY) Sit down, please,
and roll up your sleeves.
Yes, of course.
I'm glad they sent you.
VVhy?
It's only appropriate
that you would be the one
to terminate me.
No, I'mjust going
to take a fresh
blood sample.
What type of analysis
are you going to perform?
The usual.
Will you be requiring
more than one blood sample?
I'd be very interested
in going over the results
with you.
Just, please,
let me...
You always liked
collaborating.
Stop it.
This is very confusing,
isn't it?
Ouch!
What?
lthun.
Allison! Jack!
I did a static comparison
of Zane's test results
against everything
from Lieber, and there is
a connection.
Well, we know that.
Yeah, the
electrocutions.
No, no, no. It's a virus.
Wait, what type of virus
could cause this kind
of electrical disturbance?
Well, just think about it.
It doesn't so much reproduce
as it backs itself up,
creating identical copies
over and over again
without mutation.
Every living thing mutates.
That's how nature works.
Well, is it
possible, then,
that this isn't
from nature?
Well, all this talk about
electricity and backups
and overloads.
I mean, it sounds
like you're talking
about a computer virus.
And that's exactly right.
A biological organism encoded
with binary information
instead of DNA,
and we have no defense
against it.
And, how does itjump
from computer
to living person?
Oh, you already
said it.
It came from
an organic computer.
A living organism.
So it was Kim?
The Kim clone?
No, she's been under full
bio-containment protocol
since we got her here.
But the virus
still got out.
No, I did a full workup.
She's clean.
She's not the source
of the virus.
Henry, only
one organic computer
walked off that ship.
True,
but there is another one
still onboard.
Right.
AUTOMATED FEMALE VOICE:
Decontamination complete.
Shouldn't you
be wearing a mask?
I am.
It's one of those
high-tech ones
of Henry's.
We've all got them.
So what's all this?
Treats. I brought
your favorite foods.
Uh, all of your
favorite foods.
Olives stuffed
with blue cheese...
Awesome.
Mmm-hmm.
Toasted peanut butter
and bacon,
egg salad
and rocky road
ice cream.
I love you, Jo.
I love you, too.
CARTER: That was heavy.
HENRY: It's the motherboard
from the ship's
organic computer.
Or what's left of it.
The entire biological matrix
has been burned up.
Overloaded.
Yeah, it looks like
exactly the same thing
that happened to Dr. Lieber.
It's got the virus,
and we have definitely
found the source.
Zane jacked
directly into it.
It must have jumped
to his organic computer.
Well, he was in it
up to his elbows.
And how did Lieber
get infected?
He went organic
years ago.
The computers,
not the food.
Well, if he had
a first-generation
device,
he would have been
more susceptible
to attack.
The infection is traveling
through the network.
Wait, hold on. How many
organic computers are there?
Well, there's 25 labs
that are equipped,
so that's
200 people.
200 people?
We've got a potential
epidemic on our hands.
Well, the virus is causing
Zane's neuro-electrical
charge to build up.
I'd say two hours before
he has another seizure.
And this time I don't know
if we'll be able to stop it.
So, is this
all of them?
Yeah, yeah,
it's everyone who had
an organic computer.
Yeah, we quarantined
all the computers.
So far we've
detected symptoms
in 69 people.
Now, does that mean
all of them are
going to get sick?
Well, like
with any virus,
we have to assume that
some will be affected
more than others.
But the more
they get hit,
the harder time
we're going to have
suppressing the symptoms.
Now, what happens
when or if
people without organic
computers get sick?
Well, if transmission only
occurs with direct contact
to the computer,
there's no reason
to believe that's
going to happen.
Other than this.
(SIGHING)
We're all infected.
The virus is jumping from
human to human via touch,
using our own
electrical impulses.
I'm instituting
a level-one
quarantine.
All entrances
to the town need
to be sealed,
no one comes
in or out.
Right, what about the
people already here?
The safest thing
that anyone can do
is stay indoors.
Will that keep them
from getting it?
Well, for now, but we're
dealing with a new form
of infection here.
One that is
adapﬂng.
Our body has no
inherent immunities
and no way to fight it.
I developed
a crude test.
The infection rate
is already climbing.
How long
do we have?
Well, based
on the timeline
for Zane and Lieber,
in 12 hours
we won't be able to find
anyone who isn't infected.
Twelve... Well,
what about Kim?
I mean, you tested her,
right? You said that
she wasn't the source,
so that means
she's immune, right?
Maybe. Well,
probably. I mean,
the original computer
could have written
some sort of immunity
into its code
to protect itself,
so she could be
our answer.
Henry.
You're disregarding
your isolation protocols.
We realize
that you no longer pose
a threat to us.
Are you sure?
Mmm-hmm.
Sheriff Carter
presented a very logical
and compelling argument.
Well, he worked just
as hard to prove that
you had nothing to do
with what was
happening to us,
and that you
might even be
able to help us.
Oh!
I believe that there are
antibodies in your cells
that could save Eureka.
Do you need any more
tissue samples, or...
Actually, I think
we should work together.
I'd like that very much.
Just so I know
what I've got
to look fonNard to,
are you
experiencing
any symptoms,
tingling
in your extremities,
blurred vision?
Being able to
power a flashlight
without batteries?
Yeah, like that.
No. I'm good.
Okay.
It's not looking good
for the meteor shower.
Um, this will keep you
from having to be hooked up
to a suppression unit
for a few more
hours. It's an
electro-resistant gel.
Sounds good.
Bad news is,
it's going to hurt.
Oh, well, how much?
Jo didn't complain.
Well, let's not...
(EXHALING FORCEFULLY)
Yeah,
now I've got tingling
in my extremities.
I'm sorry.
Jack. We found something.
Jack was right. Before the
original computer on the ship
was destroyed by the virus,
it designs and encodes
an immunity
for its replacement.
Have you been able
to isolate it?
Yes, yeah,
we have.
Great! What you got?
A booster shot,
a patch...
Ow! That's
getting old.
Yeah, it's not
going to be that easy.
There's a big difference
between our
immune system and
that of an organic computer.
Traditional methods
of immunization's
just not gonna work.
Well, what about
Zane's goo thing?
It was
attached to the ship.
He said he used light?
The human optic system
is a lot like that
of a computer.
It's a light-based
information transfer
system.
So can we use
eyes to transfer
the information?
Well, our eyes process visual
information and turn it into
a series of signals...
That the brain
can understand.
Which means
we might be able
to distribute immunity
with an intense
beam of...
Of spectrum-tuned light.
Hold on, that's
a lot of power.
Maybe 30 to 40 petavolts
per byte of distributed
information.
That's the output
of the North American
power grid for a year.
We've got maybe
10 hours. Suggestions?
Well, we have
fusion cells in
chemical storage,
but it'll take days
to get up and running.
Antimatter generator.
ALLISON: Prototype's
not ready.
Well, how about plasma?
That's good
for big, high-energy
bursts of power, right?
What? I pay
attention.
Plasma might do it,
but we don't have
the components
to build one
anywhere near big enough.
I think we do.
But I'm going to need
the blender back.
MAN: Please form
an orderly line.
Your items will
be returned to you
as soon as possible.
CARTER: Next!
WOMAN: I am going
to get this toaster
returned to me, right?
Okay.
Lawn sprinkler, 15 inches,
looks like titanium alloy.
Excellent, thank you.
Tower three,
fifth bay.
Just above the
resonance coupler.
MAN: We're hooked up
and good to go.
We got 60 more cases
in the last hour.
Relay the immunization data
into a pulse generator
at 510 nanometers.
500...
Green light.
God, thank you.
I've alerted
all departments to shield
their optical equipment.
What about our
optical equipment?
This wavelength of light
won't cause ocular damage,
it should only
affect the virus.
Here's hoping.
All right,
here we go.
60%.
(WHIRRING)
HENRY: 70.
Henry, it's
powering down.
Yeah.
It powered down
to 30%.
What's wrong?
We're missing
a component.
Did you collect
all the pieces?
(STAMMERING) Yeah.
No, I went...
Are you kidding me?
What happened to respect
for personal property?
What happened to trying
to save peoples' lives?
Better late
than never?
(SIGHING) He has
some good qualities.
Okay, are we ready
to try this again?
Cross your fingers.
(WHIRRING)
HENRY: 80.
90.
100.
(POWERING DOWN)
(SIGHS)
All checked out.
I was really
worried about you.
Me, too.
How are you feeling?
(SIGHING) Mmm...
You tell me.
Any sparks?
No.
Just the good kind.
Iboughtyou
a change of clothes.
Thank you, Henry.
You're welcome.
What happens now?
Uh...
Well, there's still
an incredible amount
of information
locked inside of you,
and we have to figure
a way of getting it
out safely,
so we have a lot
of work to do.
Together.
Then let's
get started.
Oldest story
in the world.
Boy meets girl,
boy loses girl,
boy meets computer.
Well, everybody needs
a hand to hold.
This is a really
weird town.
Mmm.
But I like it.
Kind of.
(TESS CHUCKLING)
I can't believe
I've never done
this before.
I mean, it's amazing.
Yeah, it is.
UNHAUNG)
Mmm.